Update QD (#62)
ros2/rcl_logging: rcl_logging_spdlog/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

The `spdlog_vendor` package provides a CMake shim over the spdlog library.

It is **Quality Level 1**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/spdlog_vendor/blob/master/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

### Optional Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.ii]

`rcl_logging_spdlog` has no optional Direct Runtime ROS dependencies that need to be considered for this declaration.

### Direct Runtime non-ROS Dependency [5.iii]

> `rcl_logging_spdlog` has a Direct Runtime non-ROS dependenciy the `spdlog` library. It was declared to be Quality Level 1 [here](https://github.com/ros2/spdlog_vendor/blob/master/SPDLOG_QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rcl_logging_spdlog` has a Direct Runtime non-ROS dependency on the `spdlog` library. It was declared to be Quality Level 1 [here](https://github.com/ros2/spdlog_vendor/blob/master/SPDLOG_QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).
```
